I just remembered that there's a "WAKE UP GOOGLE" button with some text under it, explaining that Google isn't always awake. That was useful back when this was a google site, but it's redundant now. Please remove it.

In general, a lot of the modals feel too small and cramped, and some of them feel too big (like the email sent confirmation). Please do a full audit of all modals and add space (particularly overall width and height) where it would be easier on the eye or the size of the contents can vary based on data entry, and smaller where the content is never going to change and you're able to make the modal just the right size for its contents.

When I click "Generate New Signature" the modal that loads gives me two thoughts: it's clear what's going on with the top part: it's a preview, a place to look and make sure it makes sense. It's less clear what's going on with the bottom part: the RAW HTML (FOR GMAIL SIGNATURE SETTINGS) fields shows the HTML, but is its sole purpose to just show it, or is there some presumed additional use for it? Below that, the Copy for Gmail button doesn't appear to do anything when you click it, and neither does the Copy for Mercury button. When I click Use this signature it takes me back to the previous modal (Settings) where I then click Save, which is a bit disorienting - would I have the same experience if I clicked Close instead of Save? but then sure enough, I do see my signature being used in the remaining modal (the Appointment Confirmation Email modal).

Whatever the user's signature is, it should automatically be there in the Appointment Confirmation Email modal without having to first go through that process with the Settings cog. The Settings cog is just there to change things.

Navigating there from the cog you've put in the top right (thanks!) the issue is plainer. There are a bunch of fields that can be edited, and then you can see a render of the current signature, and then the Generate New Signature button is below, which presumably will rewrite the HTML that goes into the preview. But from there it seems straight that "Generate New Signature" would take you to a new modal... if it's doing what I ASSUME it's doing, shouldn't it just refresh the preview that's sitting right above it? And if that's how it works, shouldn't it just be called "Refresh" and possible sit above the preview? And then the Copy for Gmail and Copy for Mercury buttons could just be in this modal, and do away with the other modal?

Can you make the settings cog in the actual email WYSIWYG editor just a small one in the top right of the modal, rather than splayed across the bottom as if it's the thing you're meant to click in order to proceed?