First question Taco harvests the answer to is whether it's a New Client or Existing Client. Taco fields names (they're both just checkboxes) are "new_client" and "existing_client" but we'll translate this in Airtable to a single-select dropdown which the choice [New Client, Existing Client]. I have just created that field in Airtable, in Opportunities table, field name "Taco: New or Existing Client".

Then in Taco, if user selects New Client they're asked to select a Lead Source from the following list: [Repeat Client, Client Referral, Business Referral, Agent Referral, Walk In, Internet, Marketing, Head Office]. The Taco field is called "lead_source". I have just created that field in Airtable too (Opportunities table), single-select dropdown, field name "Taco: Lead Source".

If, on the other hand, user in Taco selects Existing Client, then they are asked "What's the last thing we did for this client? and given a text field to write the answer. I don't know what the character limit of that field is, but it appears to be huge if there even is one - I just put 650,000 characters in there and it let me, lol. The Taco field is called "what’s_the_last_thing_we_did_for_this_client". I've just made an Airtable field (Opportunities table) for it (long text) called "Taco: Last thing we did".

The rest of the workflow is the same regardless of whether they selected New Client or Existing Client.

Next question in Taco is "How can we help this client?" with another text field (also huge). The Taco field is called "how_can_we_help_this_client". I've made a corresponding Airtable field in Opportunities table (long text) called "Taco: How can we help".

Next in Taco is "CM notes for broker from initial data entry" with another text field (also huge). The Taco field is called "cm_notes_for_broker". I've made a corresponding Airtable field in Opportunities table (long text) called "Taco: CM notes".

The next three fields are to select who the Broker, Broker Assistant and Client Manager are. Those Taco fields are called "broker", "broker_assistant", "client_manager". I've just made three fields in Airtable (all in Opportunities table, all single line text) called "Taco: Broker", "Taco: Broker Assistant", "Taco: Client Manager".

Then there's an "Appointment Time" field with the date presented in the format, for example, "Thursday 1st January @ 7:30am". The Taco field is called "appointment_time". I've created a corresponding Airtable field in Opportunities table (single line text) called "Taco: Appointment Time".

The next field is "What type of appointment are you booking?" with the choice of Office, Phone, Video. The Taco field is called "type_of_appointment". I've created a corresponding Airtable field in Opportunities table (single select) called "Taco: Type of Appointment".

The next field is "How was the appointment booked?" with the choice of Calendly, Email, Phone, Podium, Other. The Taco field is called "how_was_appoint_booked". I've created a corresponding Airtable field in Opportunities table (single select) called "Taco: How appt booked"

Then Taco has a button called "Send Appointment Confirmation Email" which I intend to replace with a similar button in Integrity. The button opens a template in Taco and the user can then send an email. I intend to replace that with a similar button in Integrity, but let's come back to that. For now please just tell me your thoughts on how we might do that.

Finally, there are two more checkboxes for the user to mark off "Appointment Confirmation Email Sent" and "Appointment Confirmation Text Sent". In Taco those fields are called "appointment_confirmation_email_sent" and "appointment_confirmation_text_sent". I've just created two corresponding fields in Airtable (both Checkbox) called "Taco: Appt Conf Email Sent" and "Taco: Appt Conf Text Sent".